Place Multiple Orders (Batching)
Instructions for placing multiple orders(Batch)

This endpoint requires a L2 Header
Polymarket’s CLOB supports batch orders, allowing you to place up to 15 orders in a single request. Before using this feature, make sure you’re comfortable placing a single order first. You can find the documentation for that here.
HTTP REQUEST
POST /<clob-endpoint>/orders
​
Request Payload Parameters
Name	Required	Type	Description
PostOrder	yes	PostOrders[]	list of signed order objects (Signed Order + Order Type + Owner)
A PostOrder object is the form:
Name	Required	Type	Description
order	yes	order	See below table for details on crafting this object
orderType	yes	string	order type (“FOK”, “GTC”, “GTD”, “FAK”)
owner	yes	string	api key of order owner
An order object is the form:
Name	Required	Type	Description
salt	yes	integer	random salt used to create unique order
maker	yes	string	maker address (funder)
signer	yes	string	signing address
taker	yes	string	taker address (operator)
tokenId	yes	string	ERC1155 token ID of conditional token being traded
makerAmount	yes	string	maximum amount maker is willing to spend
takerAmount	yes	string	minimum amount taker will pay the maker in return
expiration	yes	string	unix expiration timestamp
nonce	yes	string	maker’s exchange nonce of the order is associated
feeRateBps	yes	string	fee rate basis points as required by the operator
side	yes	string	buy or sell enum index
signatureType	yes	integer	signature type enum index
signature	yes	string	hex encoded signature
​
Order types
FOK: A Fill-Or-Kill order is an market order to buy (in dollars) or sell (in shares) shares that must be executed immediately in its entirety; otherwise, the entire order will be cancelled.
FAK: A Fill-And-Kill order is a market order to buy (in dollars) or sell (in shares) that will be executed immediately for as many shares as are available; any portion not filled at once is cancelled.
GTC: A Good-Til-Cancelled order is a limit order that is active until it is fulfilled or cancelled.
GTD: A Good-Til-Date order is a type of order that is active until its specified date (UTC seconds timestamp), unless it has already been fulfilled or cancelled. There is a security threshold of one minute. If the order needs to expire in 90 seconds the correct expiration value is: now + 1 minute + 30 seconds
​
Response Format
Name	Type	Description
success	boolean	boolean indicating if server-side err (success = false) -> server-side error
errorMsg	string	error message in case of unsuccessful placement (in case success = false, e.g. client-side error, the reason is in errorMsg)
orderId	string	id of order
orderHashes	string[]	hash of settlement transaction order was marketable and triggered a match
​
Insert Error Messages
If the errorMsg field of the response object from placement is not an empty string, the order was not able to be immediately placed. This might be because of a delay or because of a failure. If the success is not true, then there was an issue placing the order. The following errorMessages are possible:
​
Error
Error	Success	Message	Description
INVALID_ORDER_MIN_TICK_SIZE	yes	order is invalid. Price breaks minimum tick size rules	order price isn’t accurate to correct tick sizing
INVALID_ORDER_MIN_SIZE	yes	order is invalid. Size lower than the minimum	order size must meet min size threshold requirement
INVALID_ORDER_DUPLICATED	yes	order is invalid. Duplicated. Same order has already been placed, can’t be placed again	
INVALID_ORDER_NOT_ENOUGH_BALANCE	yes	not enough balance / allowance	funder address doesn’t have sufficient balance or allowance for order
INVALID_ORDER_EXPIRATION	yes	invalid expiration	expiration field expresses a time before now
INVALID_ORDER_ERROR	yes	could not insert order	system error while inserting order
EXECUTION_ERROR	yes	could not run the execution	system error while attempting to execute trade
ORDER_DELAYED	no	order match delayed due to market conditions	order placement delayed
DELAYING_ORDER_ERROR	yes	error delaying the order	system error while delaying order
FOK_ORDER_NOT_FILLED_ERROR	yes	order couldn’t be fully filled, FOK orders are fully filled/killed	FOK order not fully filled so can’t be placed
MARKET_NOT_READY	no	the market is not yet ready to process new orders	system not accepting orders for market yet
​
Insert Statuses
When placing an order, a status field is included. The status field provides additional information regarding the order’s state as a result of the placement. Possible values include:
​
Status
Status	Description
matched	order placed and matched with an existing resting order
live	order placed and resting on the book
delayed	order marketable, but subject to matching delay
unmatched	order marketable, but failure delaying, placement successful